Corrected list of relevant dependencies (#5303)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/releasenotes/8.1.1.rst

Other Changes
=============

> A crash with the feature flags for libimagequant, libjpegturbo, WebP and XCB on

Reviewer: Spell it like [they do](https://libjpeg-turbo.org/):
```suggestion
A crash with the feature flags for libimagequant, libjpeg-turbo, WebP and XCB on
```
